docs: write-buffer clarifications (#34366)
solana-labs/solana: docs/src/cli/deploy-a-program.md

solana program write-buffer <PROGRAM_FILEPATH>
```

> Buffer accounts are managed by some authority - default signer, or signer specified with 
> `--buffer-authority` option:

Reviewer: We specify the use of a separate buffer-authority in a few other places, like close, and intro it as:

```suggestion
Buffer accounts are managed by an authority. To create a buffer and specify a different
authority than the default:
```

Author: Sure, applied in https://github.com/solana-labs/solana/pull/34366/commits/d35fbb099feb14301f9fb42e5acf252fa2af0a5b

```bash
solana program write-buffer <PROGRAM_FILEPATH> --buffer-authority <BUFFER_AUTHORITY_SIGNER>
```

> Note, `--buffer-authority` from above must be a **Signer** - this prevents a developer from giving 
> upgrade authority to a key that they do not have access to. That means you can't set `--buffer-authority` 
> in `solana program write-buffer` to a Pubkey, and hence for certain use-cases (like offline signing) you 
> might want to use `solana program set-buffer-authority` command to set the authority for existing buffer 
> (which supports authority in the form of Pubkey, or even a program account):

Reviewer: A few nits to be more forceful and terse, what do you think?

```suggestion
Only the buffer authority may write to the buffer, so the `--buffer-authority` above must be a
**signer**, and not an address.  This requirement limits usage with offline signers.

To use an offline address as a buffer authority, the buffer account must be initialized and
written with an online keypair, and then the buffer authority must be assigned using
`solana program set-buffer-authority`:
```

Author: Sounds good! Applied in https://github.com/solana-labs/solana/pull/34366/commits/d35fbb099feb14301f9fb42e5acf252fa2af0a5b

```bash
solana program set-buffer-authority <BUFFER_ADDRESS> --new-buffer-authority <NEW_BUFFER_AUTHORITY>
```

> Unlike program accounts buffer accounts cannot be marked immutable, so they don't support `--final` option.

Author: Applied in https://github.com/solana-labs/solana/pull/34366/commits/d35fbb099feb14301f9fb42e5acf252fa2af0a5b
